With the gourmet dish of science...
I can find enough manpower to make steel.
One foxtail millet ramen!
It's so chewy! This is amazing!
If Ganen the glutton says so, well...
Oh, man! Oh, man!
It's so slippery and delicious!
Are you the one who made this tasty stuff?
Your name's Senku-kun?
What kind of girls do you like?
A girl who can pump a ton
of oxygen into the furnace.
He's way too blunt.
You never make small talk
or anything, do you, Senku?
Hey, Kinro, Ginro!
Just try this!
This ramen stuff is insane!
We will not consume that
questionable sorcery food!
And for the guards to accept gifts
of food is out of the question.
Rules are rules.
Yeah? Then what's that?
You won't take food,
but you'll take a golden spear?
Yeah, yeah!
Chief, your daughter is...
Kohaku is feeding the villagers.
What?
Shall we go?
What for?
To eat.
Why would I go?
Kohaku...
What are you doing with the outsider?
Here you go!
I'm losing track of who I've served!
The response is amazing.
Everyone's coming over.
No problem.
I'll just work them to death in
proportion to however much they ate.
You really do make sketchy faces.
This is making me thirsty for a drink.
Like, say, cola.
Cola?
Senku, is he with you?
No.
Ramen!
Ramen! Ramen! Ramen!
Come on, the noodles are going to get soggy.
Kinro, Ginro, stop squabbling for a moment.
What?
What are—
I'll get to the point.
Enemies.
Answer truthfully, or I'll
slit your throat here and now.
Are you one of the long-haired
man's underlings?
Hey, I wouldn't mind being taken
out by a cute girl like you,
but I think you have me
confused for someone else.
I don't know anything
about a long-haired man.
I've been by myself ever
since I was un-petrified.
Good morning, world
Good Morning World!
How far have I walked?
Only the pain in my feet
Gives me a sense of the distance
The hope for a beautiful view
at the end of a long night
Is what keeps me going today
The mountains of the gods,
the palaces of green
The depths of the caves,
the ends of the deep blue sky
I'll go the full distance,
there are no limits
To the ends of the world
Good morning, world
Good Morning World!
Rid away the impossibility of the dark
An odyssey turning mythology
into the everyday
In this painstaking journey,
turning over every stone
We'll expand our world
Let There Be the Light of Science
I thought I'd seen your face somewhere.
You're Asagiri Gen.
Are you acquainted?
No, not one bit.
He's a magician who used to
write trashy psychology books.
Magic Psychology
Asagiri Gen
You've read my work?
I'm so happy.
Calling it "trashy" hurts, though.
Call me a mentalist.
Look, I'll apologize for taking the ramen,
so would you please lower your weapons?
I'm so scared, my arms
and legs are trembling.
I might spill this delicious ramen.
I-I'll hold on to it for you!
He's full of crap.
I was out looking for food
by myself when, surprise,
the nostalgic scent of ramen
hit me, and I wandered over.
This man isn't the least bit terrified.
And the words he weaves with his mouth
carry as little weight as a feather.
Man, it's such a terrible lifestyle out there.
Sure, whatever. I'll take your word for it.
Either way, there's no such
thing as a free lunch.
Everyone who's had ramen has work to do.
We upgraded the blowing function!
Iron mill furnace, level 2!
I think this'll work if we take turns!
Asagiri Gen.
How are Taiju and Yuzuriha doing?
Oh, I see.
You thought you could get me to
fess up while I'm busting my ass.
You have guts, pulling tricks
like that on a mentalist.
Don't worry, though.
Taiju-chan's got an especially
bottomless supply of strength.
You know, don't you, Senku-chan?
He's definitely with the long-haired man.
Should I kill him?
Hold it, idiot.
Asagiri Gen.
You ten billion percent knew
I was trying to make you talk.
Why did you suddenly decide to
admit that you're with Tsukasa?
The tides have turned
now that I've seen this.
My job is to confirm that you're dead.
"Tsukasa, Senku is alive."
With that, you would be done.
That was the plan.
But if you complete your iron weapons,
there's no telling who will win.
Finally!
Acquired iron!!
Here we go!
"I only found a primitive settlement.
Senku is dead."
That simple false report would spare you.
I'd really appreciate it if you would do that.
I don't have any policy at all.
I'm the world's most shallow man.
If I can live happily with cute
chicks, that's all I need.
Whether you die or Tsukasa
dies doesn't matter to me.
I'm going to win, no matter
who I have to dispose of.
I can't decide if it'll be better for
me if I let the kingdom of science
or the Tsukasa Empire win.
That's all I have any interest in.
On this side, there's plenty of sweet
science stuff and ramen and all that,
but the work is hellish.
Meanwhile, Tsukasa-chan's empire has
no science and the meals are simple,
but the work's easy.
And if I revive idols and stuff,
I'll be living the dream harem life.
What's a harem?
Sorry, children don't need to know yet.
I think ramen's better for sure.
Ramen's nice, but not on hot days like this.
At the end of the day,
I'd side with Tsukasa-chan.
Asagiri Gen, was it?
Superficial, selfish men like
you are best dead or imprisoned.
So scary!
No, if we don't let him go back,
Tsukasa will come here himself,
and we'll be screwed.
Relax.
Once you see what we make
with our beautiful new iron,
you'll ten billion percent want
to join the kingdom of science.
Oh? What's that?
Are you making swords or something?
A generator.
A generator?!
Are you for real?!
That's totally not happening!
Hey, you have native copper.
It's pretty. I don't want to break it.
We'll melt it down to make copper wire.
He's not even listening. Damn.
Now, if only we'd get some lightning...
Anger of the heavens!
It's lightning!
If it hits you, you're dead!
Women and children, get inside!
Hurry, quick!
We actually got lightning.
Well, it is thunderstorm season.
We're way too lucky!
No, idiot! This is the worst case scenario!
We aren't prepared at all!
You aren't making a lightning
generator, are you?
There's no such thing.
Of course.
Magnets.
I can make a generator if I have magnets.
We have some of the iron sand that we got.
The natural stuff isn't
anywhere near strong enough.
We're going to catch the
lightning with an iron rod
and make a high-power magnet
with the power of science.
I was going to put up a stupid
number of lightning rods,
but we can't pass up this opportunity.
We're going to get set up immediately.
We're moving lightning fast, literally!
Melt the copper.
Kohaku's shield is coated with lacquer.
It's somewhere in the village!
I brought the lacquer!
Lacquer is a crazy good insulator.
Coat the iron rod with it.
What are you doing?
Wh-What are you doing with the bridge planks?
I carved a channel in the plank.
Pour the copper into the channel.
Wrap the solidified copper
all around the iron.
Oh no, oh no! The foreigners
are destroying the bridge!
So he's finally showing
his true, evil colors.
I bet they called down the anger of
the heavens with their sorcery, too.
Yeah!
Let me take care of it.
I'll kill them.
Shoot, it's Magma!
He's not one to listen to reason.
We're going to have to fight them!
We're screwed if we go to war
against the village right now.
Damn it, what can we do?
I guess I don't have a choice.
I'd rather not get killed in the fray.
Can I have a bouquet of flowers, Suika-chan?
Flowers over war.
Why the hell is this sly guy holding flowers?
Yeah!
Were you the one who summoned
the anger of the heavens?
You have balls, coming to
me to get yourself killed.
Oh, no, no. It's the other way around.
We're here to stop the
lightning with our sorcery.
Quit talking out of your ass.
Like this.
It actually disappeared right before our eyes!
That's enough to keep
it out of Magma's sight?
It's a trick called the
back palm or something.
Magicians do it with cards and stuff.
Not bad, you fraud magician.
It's not impossible at all.
An old guy named Wasilewski at NASA
has already succeeded in an experiment
to make magnets using lightning.
Wasilewski!
I happened to find this crazy
rock on a bald mountain!
Chrome, this is the fruit of
your ten years of exploration.
That's right. Are you amazed or what?
We're here, at the bald mountain.
It's the perfect spot for lightning.
There's no better place.
Set up the lightning rod, quick!
They're making a tower or something.
I want to help—
Ginro!
You just want a silver spear, don't you?
Our job is to keep an eye on them.
Rules are rules.
The lightning's closing in.
Crap, we don't have time
to build a proper tower.
But, damn it, we need to
make it as tall as we can.
If only there were something long
we could shove into the ground...
N-No!
Anything but my spear!
So you do like it.
My spear!
And so the god of lightning descends.
What's up with you, Senku-chan?
There's nothing to work with
in this stone-age world.
Are you seriously going to...
Electricity, born with a bang.
This is exhilarating.
Yeah!
We got a magnet for the generator!
Jeez, the golden spear's in pieces.
Sorry, but you'll have to forgive me, Kinro.
It was an emergency.
I'm sure Senku will make you another one.
Hey, where'd your spear go?
It's gone, eh?
The golden spear that you had made
for you and never let me borrow.
Huh?
Senku, we may have failed to make magnets.
They won't go near each other, let alone stick!
They're being repelled
by some mysterious force.
You have the poles backwards.
Acquired powerful magnets!!
They're so strong!
Now we can make that crazy
"electricity" thing, right?
Iron
Powerful Magnets
Copper
Phosphorus
Electricity
But Senku-chan, are you
making a thermal generator?
Wind turbines?
Don't tell me you're making a nuclear reactor.
Muscle-powered generator.
Of course. I should have known.
Whack the hell out of the copper
sheet and file it down into a disk.
Check it out!
I'm going to file it down with corundum,
that tough rock I showed you before!
The second-strongest mineral after diamond.
I like your collection, Chrome.
I thought of coating the copper
wire with phosphoric acid,
but lathering it in lacquer works, too.
So, Senku-chan...
I've been wondering when
I should bring this up...
What?
Why have you turned into Anpanman?
Lacquer rash.
All right!
It's the kingdom of science's special...
dual-wield hand-crank generator.
Acquired power generator!!
We have to spin the two
disks at the same time?
That'll be pretty hard.
We just need two people to do it together.
We'll have to spin it in perfect
timing, or it'll crumble to bits.
If only there were two people
who worked in perfect sync
and had a lot of energy...
You lot again.
What do you want this time?
I'll show you our badass
science machine! Come with us!
Why would I go?
You're as stubborn as ever.
What are you not satisfied with?
He's obviously upset about his
golden spear getting wrecked.
Man, electricity is so amazing.
In technological civilization,
our world of sorcery, all sorts of
contraptions work on electricity.
With electricity, we might even be able
to make and repair gold and silver spears.
Right, Senku-chan?
Electrocoating isn't that easy.
Do you even know the recipe?
I don't know a single thing.
Asagiri Gen...
Your words really are as flimsy as a feather.
You can count on the brothers to be
perfectly in sync with each other.
Now that we have Kinro and Ginro,
the kingdom of science is
really starting to shape up.
Are they really making electricity?
This is a steam-roasted bamboo string.
Do you need it to be a high spot?
It doesn't matter.
But, hey, we might as well.
I see. It's an Edison light bulb
made using Japanese bamboo.
Edison light bulb?
Chrome, are you afraid of the night?
Yeah, it is dark, after all.
Why do you ask?
There's no darkness in my age.
Old Edison erased night from the world
with his incandescent light bulb.
He conquered the twenty-four-hour day.
With science, humanity defeated the night.
This is going to light the darkness
of the night for the first time in 3,700 years.
It's the flame of science.
Maybe I don't know what to do
Hurry up, my mind is on the moon
Flying up to where the wind blew
In my hands awakens
The passion overflowing
Just wandering through this world
Your one shining pure
Could never be pierced
with a rusty knife
I'm burning like a fire gone wild
The moment an arrow
shot through my heart
The noise plaguing me was released
Everything was different
from that moment on
If I don't try, I'll never know
Why do flowers bloom?
Your voice echoes
Tell me why?
I just shouted to the sky
But you are no no no longer here,
that's right?
The life we confirmed that day
You can call it a fleeting
dream if you want
But I'll save you from a wounded today
Next Episode
A Flimsy Alliance
This is a work of fiction, but the plants,
animals, and production methods described are based on reality.
Foraging and making things on your own accord is extremely dangerous
and, in some cases, illegal. Please do not imitate without expertise.